this is a custom terminal that uses xterm, rust/tauri for the viewer (so its tiny sized file) gpu accelerated, has preset buttons, themes, ai can control it, new tabs, maybe tmux? I have not used tmux yet so not sure, and future ai features like when people need help in the terminal they can turn on AI (probably agentic also), i'd want to charge money for it possibly if i can make it good enough, i'll add stuff that termius has with the ability to sync all the ssh keys/settings/presets (encrypted to github or other server),

change the default from cmd.exe to powershell but it should try to detect if a later version of p.s. is installed like powershell 7 first before defaulting to the one that comes with windows. The purpose of that is to try and automate a lot of the little annoying things that would normally take up time to do manually, usually a person would want to use the later powershell if they went thru the trouble of installing it.

It should have some different defaults depending on if it is running on windows, mac, or a linux distro, windows should have wsl button to open up tab that goes right to a wsl terminal (if there is a way to detect if wsl is installed without taking up time to detect)

can you put a vertical panel that can be hidden/unhidden on the left side, where there is an ssh section of buttons that are the same as preset buttons but just on that left side? i will put some ssh commands there.

also: i want to add animated or effects backgrounds, gradients, trails when things move, just to stand out and it should be gpu accelerated. currently the gradient settings do not work, only the one single background color change setting works, please try to fix. Also can you add a color text test when the app starts? it should just print a bunch of text in lots of colors before starting the powershell.
